---
title: "Let's not get started!"
description: 'Learn more about the project, and how you can make an impact to your community and yourself.'
author: 'Frederic Pun'
image: ../../assets/demo.jpeg
date: '2019-10-28'
order: 0
---

## Welcome to Pear Impact Project

Thank you for being part of this. To get started, we have created some starter code to help ease you into
the technologies being used. This start code would act as both a starting base (if you so choose), wiki,
and example.

### Starting Base

This repo has been generated with gatsby-cli and customized/reconfigured for the tasks mentioned above.
Althought more structured compared to other boilerplates such as creact-react-app, React itself is still 
extremely flexible and unopinionated - both a pro and a con. Therefore, this repo would serve as a starting
base with a folder structure similar to projects undertaken by myself. You can learn more about the folder
structure in the [next page](/).

### Wiki

The repo is configured to contain markdown files which at as both an example of static pages generated by data,
and content regarding the repo itself. For more information, and/or support, go to the [next steps page](/next-steps).

### Example

Finally this repo is created as an example to demostrate techniques and configurations required to both succeed and
create a responsive and interactive application. Some of the techniques and configurations you would learn include,

 - How to generate dynamic pages from data
 - How to structure React applications
 - Styling using SCSS
 - Common Gatsby plugins


